PLANNER-2827 Create a setup script for kubernetes demo (#443)
kiegroup/optaplanner-quickstarts: technology/kubernetes/README.adoc

Login as a user with the `cluster-admin` role using the `oc login` command.

[#setupByScript]

> === Install the required operators and deploy the Demo application by using the demo.sh script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Setup and deploy automatically by using the demo.sh script
```

Let's not go crazy. :-)

Login as a user with the `cluster-admin` role using the `oc login` command.

=== Create a project
=== Install the required operators and deploy the Demo application

Create a new project called _demo_ by running `oc new-project demo`.
To set up the demo, run `./demo.sh setup [path to the OptaPlanner distribution]`.

[#installArtemisCloud]

> === Install ArtemisCloud

Reviewer: I wouldn't delete this. It is a lot of useful information.
Maybe just say call this "manual configuration" as opposed to the script?

Author: It's yet another thing to maintain, but I was thinking myself that maybe it's still valuable. Thanks for the confirmation.
